Replace past issues to point to forum (#23)
ansible-community/ansible.im: bots/newsbot-report.md

---

*This week in Ansible Community*
*Issue #{{weeknumber}}, {{today}} ([Past Issues](https://forum.ansible.com/c/news/bullhorn/17))*

> Welcome to [The Bullhorn](https://github.com/ansible/community/wiki/News#the-bullhorn), our newsletter for the Ansible Community. If you have any questions or content you’d like to share, you're welcome to chat with us in the [Ansible Social room on Matrix](https://matrix.to/#/#social:ansible.com), and mention [`newsbot`](https://matrix.to/#/@newsbot:ansible.im) to have your news item tagged for review for the next weekly issue!

Author: ```suggestion
Welcome to [The Bullhorn](https://forum.ansible.com/c/news/bullhorn/17), our newsletter for the Ansible Community. If you have any questions or content you’d like to share, you're welcome to chat with us in the [Ansible Social room on Matrix](https://matrix.to/#/#social:ansible.com), and mention [`newsbot`](https://matrix.to/#/@newsbot:ansible.im) to have your news item tagged for review for the next weekly issue!
```
